TW Metals Barcode Structure
Field Length of Field Field Description Explanation of Field Description
 1 – TW PO# 8, 0 1 – TW PO# TW Metals purchase order #.
 2 – Country of Origin 3 2 – Country of Origin The country the material originated from.
 3 – Freight info. for Collect 15 3 – Freight info. for Collect & Freight information pertaining to shipments that are
 & Prepaid Shipments Prepaid Shipments sent either collect, (monies due upon arrival), or prepaid,
 a – Terms (monies paid in full prior to material being shipped).
 b – Carrier (SCAC Code) The freight information should contain the terms of the PO,
 c – Weight the Carrier’s SCAC code, the weight of the shipment & the
 d – BOL# bill of lading number.
 4 – Freight Carrier SCAC Code 4 4 – Freight Carrier SCAC Code The SCAC code is a 4 letter code that is used to identify
 various shipping carriers, frequently used in EDI & other documents.
 5 – Carrier BOL# 15 5 – Carrier BOL# The incoming carrier’s bill of lading number.
 6 – Ttl. Order Gross Weight 10, 3 6 – Ttl. Order Gross Weight The total gross weight of the shipment by order number.
 7 – Partial or Complete Status 1 7 – Partial or Complete Status If the purchase order is a partial, (only a portion of the
 material was shipped), or complete, (if all the material was
 shipped at the same time).
 8 –TW PO Line # 4, 0 8 – TW PO Line # TW Metals line number corresponding to incoming
 material.
 9 – Length 9, 4 9 – Length The specific length of the incoming material.
10 – Minimum Length 9, 4 10 – Minimum Length The minimum length of the incoming material.
11 – Maximum Length 9, 4 11 – Maximum Length The maximum length of the incoming material.
12 – Total line qty & UOM 10, 3 & 3 12 – Total line qty & UOM Number of pieces for the specific line and the unit
 of measure that they are being shipped by.
13 – Qty. by Heat # & UOM 10, 3 & 3 13– Qty. by Heat # & UOM Qty of the incoming material by heat number & the unit of measure
 that they are being shipped by.
– if more than one heat is packaged within the box/bundle there
will be more than one label – one for each heat.
14 – Heat # 15 14 Heat # The specific heat number or numbers of the incoming material.

Please Note: It would be best to have the label on each end of the package and one included with the packing list. The one with the packing list will serve
two purposes. The first being if labels are damaged in transit and the second, if the package is too small to accommodate a bar code we will have it with
the packing list.